**IMPORTANT MESSAGE:**

**IN MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION, INVESTORS MUST RELY ON THEIR OWN EXAMINATION OF THE ISSUER AND THE TERMS OF THE OFFERING, INCLUDING THE MERITS AND RISKS INVOLVED. INVESTMENTS IN ISSUERS USING FAIRMINT’S TECHNOLOGY ARE SPECULATIVE, ILLIQUID, AND INVOLVE A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK, INCLUDING THE POSSIBLE LOSS OF YOUR ENTIRE INVESTMENT.**

This site is operated by Fairmint Inc. (“***Fairmint***”), which is not a registered broker-dealer, investment advisor, funding portal, or any other entity registered with U.S. regulatory agencies. Any securities offered by an issuer of Fairmint’s technology other than Fairmint or its affiliates will occur through the issuer’s own websites and you should carefully review any related terms of service or privacy policy. Unless otherwise indicated to you in writing by an issuer, any securities offered by an issuer of Fairmint’s technology have not been recommended or approved by any federal or state securities commission or regulatory authority. Fairmint and its affiliates do not provide any investment advice, endorsement, analysis or recommendation with respect to any securities and do not provide any legal or tax advice with respect to any securities. All securities listed by issuers using Fairmint’s technology are being offered by, and all information included on the issuer’s site with respect to a particular offering is the responsibility of, the applicable issuer of such securities.

Fairmint does not verify the adequacy, accuracy or completeness of any information. Neither Fairmint nor any of its officers, directors, agents and employees makes any warranty, express or implied, of any kind whatsoever related to the adequacy, accuracy, or completeness of any information contained in an issuer’s offering or the use of information on this site if it relates to another issuer’s offering of securities or such issuer’s site itself.

Any investment in a private company is particularly risky and may result in total loss of invested capital. Past performance of a security or a company does not guarantee future results or returns. Only investors who understand the risks related to investing in private securities and who satisfy certain other criteria which may be unique to each offering can invest. See additional general disclosures [here](https://github.com/Fairmint/legal/blob/master/risks.md).

By accessing this site or any pages hereof, any portal we may make available, or using any other services we provide to you, you agree to be bound by the [Terms of Service](https://github.com/Fairmint/legal/blob/master/terms-of-service.md) and [Privacy Policy](https://github.com/Fairmint/legal/blob/master/privacy-policy.md) which may be amended from time to time without prior notice or liability.
