
# General Disclosures

This site is operated by Fairmint Inc. (“***Fairmint***”), which is not a registered broker-dealer, investment advisor, funding portal, or any other entity registered with U.S. regulatory agencies. Any securities offered by an issuer of Fairmint’s technology other than Fairmint or its affiliates will occur through the issuer’s own websites and you should carefully review any related terms of service or privacy policy. Unless otherwise indicated to you in writing by an issuer, any securities offered by an issuer of Fairmint’s technology have not been recommended or approved by any federal or state securities commission or regulatory authority. Fairmint and its affiliates do not provide any investment advice, endorsement, analysis or recommendation with respect to any securities and do not provide any legal or tax advice with respect to any securities. All securities listed by issuers using Fairmint’s technology are being offered by, and all information included on the issuer’s site with respect to a particular offering is the responsibility of, the applicable issuer of such securities.

Please be aware that Fairmint or its affiliates may receive fees from companies using our technology that may potentially be highlighted on our site. Details about our compensation, if any, are disclosed in the offering materials for each company conducting a live offering as necessary under applicable law. Unless otherwise described in writing, in no event shall compensation paid by an issuer using Fairmint technology will not be based on the success or size of any transaction. Fairmint may also choose to compensate outside sources to help market our business and to receive introductions to possible issuers. Compensation to such parties will not be based on the success or size of any transaction. Fees are not based directly or indirectly, on the purchase or sale of a security.

Fairmint does not verify the adequacy, accuracy or completeness of any information of an issuer using Fairmint’s technology. Neither Fairmint nor any of its officers, directors, agents and employees makes any warranty, express or implied, of any kind whatsoever related to the adequacy, accuracy, or completeness of any information contained in an issuer’s offering or the use of information on this site if it relates to another issuer’s offering of securities or such issuer’s site itself.

Information on our website regarding any company or in a blog post is based on publicly available information or directly from the subject company. Fairmint and its affiliates make no representation or warranty as to the adequacy, accuracy or completeness of such information. Any opinions or forecasts expressed herein are our own, are not intended as investment advice and are subject to change without notice. Blog posts, if any, have been prepared solely for informative purposes and are not a solicitation of an offer to buy or an offer to sell any security.

Blog posts or the posting of information on our website regarding any company, including any links to information either in the blog post or on our website, should not be construed as an endorsement or recommendation of that company for any purpose whatsoever. Links are provided for information only and Fairmint and its affiliates are not responsible for any information at the sites linked to. Blog posts do not take into account the investment objectives, financial situation or needs of any particular investor, and each investor should consider whether any investment opportunity is appropriate given their investment objectives and current financial circumstances. Any person considering any investment is encouraged to consult with their own investment or financial advisor, tax advisor and/or attorney beforehand.

Any investment in a private company is particularly risky and may result in total loss of invested capital. Past performance of a security or a company does not guarantee future results or returns. The companies using our technology or otherwise highlighted on our site may be small or early stage companies and may be subject to risks inherent in investing in any small or early stage company as well as other risks specific to their business and operations. In addition, the types of securities created by issuers using our technology may involve novel structures and novel technology, including blockchain technology and untested mathematical models. Securities of these companies may be highly illiquid, requiring that they be held for an indefinite period of time or have a limited market for resale. **Therefore, no one should invest in any of these companies unless they have no need for liquidity of their investment and can sustain a total loss of their investment. You should only invest an amount of money that you can afford to lose without changing your lifestyle.** Only investors who understand the [risks related to investing in private securities](https://invest.fairmint.co/risks) and who satisfy certain other criteria which may be unique to each offering can invest. You should also thoroughly review the complete offering materials for any investment opportunity, particularly all risk factors, prior to investing in any offering and become familiar with the investor requirements, investment limits and your ability to resell the investment.

Fairmint does not provide custody services in connection with any investments made by our users in companies that use Fairmint’s technology. In general and unless otherwise disclosed in writing, securities issued by issuers using Fairmint’s technology must be held solely by the investor, and you should understand the risks associated with such requirements.

By accessing this site or any pages hereof, any portal we may make available, or using any other services we provide to you, you agree to be bound by the [Terms of Service](https://invest.fairmint.co/terms-of-service) and [Privacy Policy](https://invest.fairmint.co/privacy-policy) which may be amended from time to time without prior notice or liability.
